so today I'm going to give my domestics
and upgrade their in this right now it's
just a Tupperware container it works
good except for I'm getting a lot of
them and it's time to give them a new
home so that's all they're shed skins
you so it's time for a new house here's
their new home and it's just a
Tupperware container I got from Walmart
seals nicely on the top and the lid
looks like this and it locks on the
sides here now the lid I cut holes in
and I glued in screen and that'll give
them the ventilation they need yet they
won't be able to escape so I just
silicone silicone that in there and so
what I'm gonna do is put some Aspen
bedding in there and then I'm going to
put some egg crate in there so one thing
I forgot to mention is you want to
definitely wash these out before you get
them they kind of tend to have some
weird residue on them when I first get
them so I wash them a couple times just
to make sure they're they're ready for
the domestics I'm going to put egg
crates in there and then I actually got
my domestics from a pet shop on pig ears
so I went to buy pig ears and I was like
wow there's all these beetles on them
fantastic so I brought them home and
this is how I got my join colony
so I usually feed them on pig ears and
I'm not giving them other types of yummy
dead skins so that's what the habitats
gonna look like they don't need a water
source
like we kept really dry once in a while
I'll give them a carrot or two they seem
to like it
that'll be it then I have to wait for
this lid to dry I just kind of did this
earlier today takes 24 hours to care and
then after that I will put them in so
this is my dermestid colony as of now
and it's about to go their new cage this
is just Tupperware containers holes put
out and pantyhose glued on there just to
keep them from escaping it's very tight
they can't get through and here they are
crawling around the egg crates and
there's a part of a figure that they
were feeding on it's funny as soon as
you disturb anything crate and crate so
here's the little dermestid you can see
some of the adults some of the larvae
crawling around on the egg crates soon
they're gonna go in their new house
they're very excited
so now I'm transferring them or starting
to transfer them it's going to take a
while because I'm trying to get just the
larva and not all of these shed skins so
trying to fight figure out the best way
to do that still working on that well so
far I found that using these soft
forceps work pretty well for
transferring them from here to their new
habitat until I could think of something
else so this is pretty cool this is kind
of like sawdust it's what's left of the
pig ears after they fed on them because
I didn't have any bedding in here with
him but pig ears and this all of this is
just the sawdust that's left in the pig
ears kind of interesting okay so I got
all of them transferred from their old
container and I was sure to take all the
old pig ears because there was a lot of
larvae and eggs stuck on there I took
all the pupae a lot of the adults I
didn't get all of them but I got a lot
of them enough of them so
looks like the adults are digging their
new enclosure feeding like crazy on the
new pig ears all right and that's it
it's all together so it looks like tops
finally drying to put that on all right
we're all set
you